Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this lecture we're going to look at filling a dictionary with a user's input so we can prompt
as many times as we would like for user input with each Pastorale a while loop.
Let's look now at a property renting program in which each passed through the loop prompts the users
for property details which store the data we got in a dictionary because we want to connect each property
with a particular user.
So as you can see at the top I started off with some comments just the basics.
Now the first thing we're going to do is we're going to create an empty dictionary create an empty dictionary.
OK.
And how we do that is we're going to call this rental properties
he calls on our curly brackets now.
Next thing we're going to do as we saw in the previous lecture is we're going to set a flag so set a
flag to indicate
we are taking applications for rental properties.
Let's imagine that we are a real estate agency and we are looking for people to let us know if they
have properties to rent so rental open.
True.
OK.
Now why are rental open is true.
So why would rental open and just let's add a comment here promp uses for a name and address so prompt
users prompt for the user's name and address
OK.
So users name Eco's actually change that user name calls and put
double quotes backslash newline.
What is your name.
OK.
Now that he uses rental property
that he goes and put on received the property
what is the address of the property that you have to rent.
OK there we go.
Now what we want to do as we said at the beginning of this lecture is we want to store the responses
from the users sort of responses in a dictionary
so rental properties then we have our user name
equals rental property
OK.
Now we'd like to do next is we'd like to ask if the user knows anybody else who might like to rent out
a property.
So we're looking for business
repeat equals and put
double quotes backslash and New Line
do.
No I only want who might like to rent out their property
OK perfect.
Now if Pete is no
then Rantel open and I forgot my colon there then Rantel open becomes Fulks and a program will end.
As we saw on a previous lecture so we're really putting together a lot of elements that we've seen in
previous lectures and what that would mean then is adding our property is complete.
So what we want to do is we want to print.
We're going to use a nice little trick here so print new line backslash and we're going to go one to
trade space property to rent one to three times a bracket.
So for want to create a loop.
So for user name and the rental property in rental properties
items so we're looping as you can see
print
user name plus has plus then the rental property
plus open quote space to rent.
OK so this is probably one of the biggest programs that we've written so far.
I want I'm going to do is because we need user input.
I'm going to write I'm going to open this up in our idle program.
So bear with me for one moment while I open up idle.
OK so here we are now an idle and let's cross our fingers and toes and run it.
What is your name.
Well my name is Tony Stone.
OK.
What is the address of the property that you have to rent.
Well my property is one main street
do I know do you know anyone who might like to rent out their property.
No I don't.
Not at the moment.
Property to rent.
Tony Stanton has 101 Main Street to rent so you can see how in the larger scale and larger thinking
of a web application this can come into play.
This could become a link into and we could click it to show more details of the property or even we
can click on to use a name and that would bring us into the user name to show us all the properties
that they have to rent because it could be a big company.
So that is probably one the biggest programs we've written so far and it really is an excellent coming
together of everything that we've learned so far throughout the course.
I hope that all made sense.
If not please do not hesitate to contact me and thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next
lecture.